apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: triebeard-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("triebeard", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/triebeard /mnt/libs/R/triebeard && cp triebeard* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: sitmo-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("sitmo", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/sitmo /mnt/libs/R/sitmo && cp sitmo* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: later-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("later", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/later /mnt/libs/R/later && cp later* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcppgsl-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppGSL", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppGSL /mnt/libs/R/RcppGSL && cp RcppGSL* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcpparmadillo-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppArmadillo", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppArmadillo /mnt/libs/R/RcppArmadillo && cp RcppArmadillo* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: wordcloud-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("wordcloud", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/wordcloud /mnt/libs/R/wordcloud && cp wordcloud* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: units-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("units", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/units /mnt/libs/R/units && cp units* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: tweenr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("tweenr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/tweenr /mnt/libs/R/tweenr && cp tweenr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: tokenizers-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("tokenizers", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/tokenizers /mnt/libs/R/tokenizers && cp tokenizers* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: terra-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("terra", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/terra /mnt/libs/R/terra && cp terra* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: tagcloud-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("tagcloud", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/tagcloud /mnt/libs/R/tagcloud && cp tagcloud* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: stringfish-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("stringfish", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/stringfish /mnt/libs/R/stringfish && cp stringfish* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: strawr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("strawr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/strawr /mnt/libs/R/strawr && cp strawr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: s2-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("s2", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/s2 /mnt/libs/R/s2 && cp s2* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: readstata13-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("readstata13", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/readstata13 /mnt/libs/R/readstata13 && cp readstata13* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: qpdf-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("qpdf", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/qpdf /mnt/libs/R/qpdf && cp qpdf* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: protolite-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("protolite", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/protolite /mnt/libs/R/protolite && cp protolite* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: protviz-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("protViz", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/protViz /mnt/libs/R/protViz && cp protViz* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: princurve-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("princurve", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/princurve /mnt/libs/R/princurve && cp princurve* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: polylabelr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("polylabelr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/polylabelr /mnt/libs/R/polylabelr && cp polylabelr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: plyr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("plyr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/plyr /mnt/libs/R/plyr && cp plyr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: philentropy-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("philentropy", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/philentropy /mnt/libs/R/philentropy && cp philentropy* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: pcamethods-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("pcaMethods", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/pcaMethods /mnt/libs/R/pcaMethods && cp pcaMethods* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: pander-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("pander", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/pander /mnt/libs/R/pander && cp pander* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: openxlsx-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("openxlsx", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/openxlsx /mnt/libs/R/openxlsx && cp openxlsx* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: mzr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("mzR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/mzR /mnt/libs/R/mzR && cp mzR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: multicool-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("multicool", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/multicool /mnt/libs/R/multicool && cp multicool* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: minqa-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("minqa", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/minqa /mnt/libs/R/minqa && cp minqa* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: metapod-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("metapod", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/metapod /mnt/libs/R/metapod && cp metapod* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: magick-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("magick", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/magick /mnt/libs/R/magick && cp magick* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: lobstr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("lobstr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/lobstr /mnt/libs/R/lobstr && cp lobstr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: lhs-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("lhs", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/lhs /mnt/libs/R/lhs && cp lhs* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: kohonen-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("kohonen", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/kohonen /mnt/libs/R/kohonen && cp kohonen* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: hunspell-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("hunspell", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/hunspell /mnt/libs/R/hunspell && cp hunspell* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: fstcore-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("fstcore", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/fstcore /mnt/libs/R/fstcore && cp fstcore* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: flock-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("flock", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/flock /mnt/libs/R/flock && cp flock* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: extradistr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("extraDistr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/extraDistr /mnt/libs/R/extraDistr && cp extraDistr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: energy-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("energy", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/energy /mnt/libs/R/energy && cp energy* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: einsum-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("einsum", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/einsum /mnt/libs/R/einsum && cp einsum* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: ecp-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ecp", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ecp /mnt/libs/R/ecp && cp ecp* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: dbscan-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("dbscan", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/dbscan /mnt/libs/R/dbscan && cp dbscan* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: cubature-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("cubature", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/cubature /mnt/libs/R/cubature && cp cubature* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: v8-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("V8", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/V8 /mnt/libs/R/V8 && cp V8* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: tfmpvalue-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("TFMPvalue", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/TFMPvalue /mnt/libs/R/TFMPvalue && cp TFMPvalue* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rtsne-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Rtsne", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Rtsne /mnt/libs/R/Rtsne && cp Rtsne* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcpptoml-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppTOML", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppTOML /mnt/libs/R/RcppTOML && cp RcppTOML* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcpproll-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppRoll", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppRoll /mnt/libs/R/RcppRoll && cp RcppRoll* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcpphnsw-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppHNSW", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppHNSW /mnt/libs/R/RcppHNSW && cp RcppHNSW* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcppcctz-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppCCTZ", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppCCTZ /mnt/libs/R/RcppCCTZ && cp RcppCCTZ* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcppannoy-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppAnnoy", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppAnnoy /mnt/libs/R/RcppAnnoy && cp RcppAnnoy* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcppalgos-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppAlgos", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppAlgos /mnt/libs/R/RcppAlgos && cp RcppAlgos* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rseqan-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RSeqAn", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RSeqAn /mnt/libs/R/RSeqAn && cp RSeqAn* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rsnns-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RSNNS", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RSNNS /mnt/libs/R/RSNNS && cp RSNNS* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rots-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ROTS", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ROTS /mnt/libs/R/ROTS && cp ROTS* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rnifti-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RNifti", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RNifti /mnt/libs/R/RNifti && cp RNifti* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rmsnumpress-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RMSNumpress", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RMSNumpress /mnt/libs/R/RMSNumpress && cp RMSNumpress* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: polynomf-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("PolynomF", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/PolynomF /mnt/libs/R/PolynomF && cp PolynomF* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: poissonbinomial-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("PoissonBinomial", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/PoissonBinomial /mnt/libs/R/PoissonBinomial && cp PoissonBinomial* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: peptides-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Peptides", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Peptides /mnt/libs/R/Peptides && cp Peptides* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: modelmetrics-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ModelMetrics", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ModelMetrics /mnt/libs/R/ModelMetrics && cp ModelMetrics* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: harman-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Harman", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Harman /mnt/libs/R/Harman && cp Harman* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: ckmeans1ddp-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Ckmeans.1d.dp", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Ckmeans.1d.dp /mnt/libs/R/Ckmeans.1d.dp && cp Ckmeans.1d.dp* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: ahocorasicktrie-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("AhoCorasickTrie", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/AhoCorasickTrie /mnt/libs/R/AhoCorasickTrie && cp AhoCorasickTrie* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: profilescoredist-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("profileScoreDist", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/profileScoreDist /mnt/libs/R/profileScoreDist && cp profileScoreDist* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: travel-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Travel", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Travel /mnt/libs/R/Travel && cp Travel* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rdisop-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Rdisop", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Rdisop /mnt/libs/R/Rdisop && cp Rdisop* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: nanostringdiff-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("NanoStringDiff", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/NanoStringDiff /mnt/libs/R/NanoStringDiff && cp NanoStringDiff* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: fithic-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("FitHiC", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/FitHiC /mnt/libs/R/FitHiC && cp FitHiC* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
