apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcppde-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppDE", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppDE /mnt/libs/R/RcppDE && cp RcppDE* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: urltools-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("urltools", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/urltools /mnt/libs/R/urltools && cp urltools* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: splines2-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("splines2", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/splines2 /mnt/libs/R/splines2 && cp splines2* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: roptim-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("roptim", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/roptim /mnt/libs/R/roptim && cp roptim* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: promises-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("promises", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/promises /mnt/libs/R/promises && cp promises* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: paralleldist-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("parallelDist", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/parallelDist /mnt/libs/R/parallelDist && cp parallelDist* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: matchingr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("matchingR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/matchingR /mnt/libs/R/matchingR && cp matchingR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: bayesm-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("bayesm", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/bayesm /mnt/libs/R/bayesm && cp bayesm* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcppdist-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RcppDist", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RcppDist /mnt/libs/R/RcppDist && cp RcppDist* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rweka-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RWeka", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RWeka /mnt/libs/R/RWeka && cp RWeka* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: lmoments-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Lmoments", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Lmoments /mnt/libs/R/Lmoments && cp Lmoments* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: drimpute-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("DrImpute", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/DrImpute /mnt/libs/R/DrImpute && cp DrImpute* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: hdtd-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("HDTD", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/HDTD /mnt/libs/R/HDTD && cp HDTD* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
