apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rcgh-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("rCGH", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/rCGH /mnt/libs/R/rCGH && cp rCGH* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: quantro-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("quantro", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/quantro /mnt/libs/R/quantro && cp quantro* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: gwascat-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("gwascat", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/gwascat /mnt/libs/R/gwascat && cp gwascat* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: gmapr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("gmapR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/gmapR /mnt/libs/R/gmapR && cp gmapR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: ensemblvep-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ensemblVEP", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ensemblVEP /mnt/libs/R/ensemblVEP && cp ensemblVEP* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: deepsnv-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("deepSNV", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/deepSNV /mnt/libs/R/deepSNV && cp deepSNV* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: decomptumor2sig-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("decompTumor2Sig", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/decompTumor2Sig /mnt/libs/R/decompTumor2Sig && cp decompTumor2Sig* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: biovizbase-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("biovizBase", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/biovizBase /mnt/libs/R/biovizBase && cp biovizBase* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: varianttools-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("VariantTools", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/VariantTools /mnt/libs/R/VariantTools && cp VariantTools* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: structuralvariantannotation-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("StructuralVariantAnnotation", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/StructuralVariantAnnotation /mnt/libs/R/StructuralVariantAnnotation && cp StructuralVariantAnnotation* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: sifthsapiensdbsnp137-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("SIFT.Hsapiens.dbSNP137", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/SIFT.Hsapiens.dbSNP137 /mnt/libs/R/SIFT.Hsapiens.dbSNP137 && cp SIFT.Hsapiens.dbSNP137* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: polyphenhsapiensdbsnp131-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("PolyPhen.Hsapiens.dbSNP131", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/PolyPhen.Hsapiens.dbSNP131 /mnt/libs/R/PolyPhen.Hsapiens.dbSNP131 && cp PolyPhen.Hsapiens.dbSNP131* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: illuminahumanmethylationepicmanifest-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICmanifest", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICmanifest /mnt/libs/R/IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICmanifest && cp IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICmanifest* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: illuminahumanmethylationepicannoilm10b4hg19-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b4.hg19", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b4.hg19 /mnt/libs/R/IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b4.hg19 && cp IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b4.hg19* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: illuminahumanmethylationepicannoilm10b2hg19-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b2.hg19", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b2.hg19 /mnt/libs/R/IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b2.hg19 && cp IlluminaHumanMethylationEPICanno.ilm10b2.hg19* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: illuminahumanmethylation450kmanifest-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("IlluminaHumanMethylation450kmanifest", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/IlluminaHumanMethylation450kmanifest /mnt/libs/R/IlluminaHumanMethylation450kmanifest && cp IlluminaHumanMethylation450kmanifest* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: illuminahumanmethylation450kannoilmn12hg19-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("IlluminaHumanMethylation450kanno.ilmn12.hg19", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/IlluminaHumanMethylation450kanno.ilmn12.hg19 /mnt/libs/R/IlluminaHumanMethylation450kanno.ilmn12.hg19 && cp IlluminaHumanMethylation450kanno.ilmn12.hg19* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: homosapiens-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Homo.sapiens", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Homo.sapiens /mnt/libs/R/Homo.sapiens && cp Homo.sapiens* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: hilda-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("HiLDA", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/HiLDA /mnt/libs/R/HiLDA && cp HiLDA* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: helloranges-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("HelloRanges", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/HelloRanges /mnt/libs/R/HelloRanges && cp HelloRanges* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: genomicfiles-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("GenomicFiles", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/GenomicFiles /mnt/libs/R/GenomicFiles && cp GenomicFiles* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: ga4ghclient-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("GA4GHclient", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/GA4GHclient /mnt/libs/R/GA4GHclient && cp GA4GHclient* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: flowsortedblood450k-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("FlowSorted.Blood.450k", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/FlowSorted.Blood.450k /mnt/libs/R/FlowSorted.Blood.450k && cp FlowSorted.Blood.450k* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: fdbinfiniummethylationhg19-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("FDb.InfiniumMethylation.hg19", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/FDb.InfiniumMethylation.hg19 /mnt/libs/R/FDb.InfiniumMethylation.hg19 && cp FDb.InfiniumMethylation.hg19* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: chipseeker-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ChIPseeker", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ChIPseeker /mnt/libs/R/ChIPseeker && cp ChIPseeker* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: cosmic67-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("COSMIC.67", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/COSMIC.67 /mnt/libs/R/COSMIC.67 && cp COSMIC.67* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: tloh-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("tLOH", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/tLOH /mnt/libs/R/tLOH && cp tLOH* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: signer-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("signeR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/signeR /mnt/libs/R/signeR && cp signeR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: shinyepico-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("shinyepico", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/shinyepico /mnt/libs/R/shinyepico && cp shinyepico* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: seqcat-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("seqCAT", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/seqCAT /mnt/libs/R/seqCAT && cp seqCAT* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: scoreinvhap-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("scoreInvHap", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/scoreInvHap /mnt/libs/R/scoreInvHap && cp scoreInvHap* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: recountmethylation-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("recountmethylation", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/recountmethylation /mnt/libs/R/recountmethylation && cp recountmethylation* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: nearbynding-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("nearBynding", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/nearBynding /mnt/libs/R/nearBynding && cp nearBynding* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: myvariant-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("myvariant", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/myvariant /mnt/libs/R/myvariant && cp myvariant* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: igvr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("igvR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/igvR /mnt/libs/R/igvR && cp igvR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: icetea-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("icetea", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/icetea /mnt/libs/R/icetea && cp icetea* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: gwasurvivr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("gwasurvivr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/gwasurvivr /mnt/libs/R/gwasurvivr && cp gwasurvivr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: genotypeeval-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("genotypeeval", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/genotypeeval /mnt/libs/R/genotypeeval && cp genotypeeval* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: genbankr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("genbankr", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/genbankr /mnt/libs/R/genbankr && cp genbankr* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: fcscan-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("fcScan", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/fcScan /mnt/libs/R/fcScan && cp fcScan* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: epialleler-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("epialleleR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/epialleleR /mnt/libs/R/epialleleR && cp epialleleR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: customprodb-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("customProDB", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/customProDB /mnt/libs/R/customProDB && cp customProDB* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: xcir-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("XCIR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/XCIR /mnt/libs/R/XCIR && cp XCIR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: uniquorn-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Uniquorn", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Uniquorn /mnt/libs/R/Uniquorn && cp Uniquorn* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: umi4cats-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("UMI4Cats", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/UMI4Cats /mnt/libs/R/UMI4Cats && cp UMI4Cats* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: titancna-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("TitanCNA", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/TitanCNA /mnt/libs/R/TitanCNA && cp TitanCNA* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: sigspack-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("SigsPack", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/SigsPack /mnt/libs/R/SigsPack && cp SigsPack* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: snphood-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("SNPhood", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/SNPhood /mnt/libs/R/SNPhood && cp SNPhood* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rmmquant-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Rmmquant", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Rmmquant /mnt/libs/R/Rmmquant && cp Rmmquant* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rarevariantvis-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("RareVariantVis", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/RareVariantVis /mnt/libs/R/RareVariantVis && cp RareVariantVis* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: remp-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("REMP", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/REMP /mnt/libs/R/REMP && cp REMP* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: r453plus1toolbox-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("R453Plus1Toolbox", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/R453Plus1Toolbox /mnt/libs/R/R453Plus1Toolbox && cp R453Plus1Toolbox* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: purecn-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("PureCN", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/PureCN /mnt/libs/R/PureCN && cp PureCN* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: proteodisco-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ProteoDisco", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ProteoDisco /mnt/libs/R/ProteoDisco && cp ProteoDisco* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: mutationalpatterns-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("MutationalPatterns", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/MutationalPatterns /mnt/libs/R/MutationalPatterns && cp MutationalPatterns* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: mungesumstats-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("MungeSumstats", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/MungeSumstats /mnt/libs/R/MungeSumstats && cp MungeSumstats* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: methylaid-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("MethylAid", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/MethylAid /mnt/libs/R/MethylAid && cp MethylAid* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: madseq-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("MADSEQ", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/MADSEQ /mnt/libs/R/MADSEQ && cp MADSEQ* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: inspect-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("INSPEcT", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/INSPEcT /mnt/libs/R/INSPEcT && cp INSPEcT* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: imas-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("IMAS", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/IMAS /mnt/libs/R/IMAS && cp IMAS* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: genvisr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("GenVisR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/GenVisR /mnt/libs/R/GenVisR && cp GenVisR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: enmix-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ENmix", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ENmix /mnt/libs/R/ENmix && cp ENmix* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: dominoeffect-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("DominoEffect", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/DominoEffect /mnt/libs/R/DominoEffect && cp DominoEffect* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: damefinder-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("DAMEfinder", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/DAMEfinder /mnt/libs/R/DAMEfinder && cp DAMEfinder* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: cogito-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("Cogito", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/Cogito /mnt/libs/R/Cogito && cp Cogito* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: chipqc-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ChIPQC", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ChIPQC /mnt/libs/R/ChIPQC && cp ChIPQC* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: cnvrd2-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("CNVrd2", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/CNVrd2 /mnt/libs/R/CNVrd2 && cp CNVrd2* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: badregionfinder-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("BadRegionFinder", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/BadRegionFinder /mnt/libs/R/BadRegionFinder && cp BadRegionFinder* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: bbcanalyzer-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("BBCAnalyzer", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/BBCAnalyzer /mnt/libs/R/BBCAnalyzer && cp BBCAnalyzer* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: apalyzer-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("APAlyzer", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/APAlyzer /mnt/libs/R/APAlyzer && cp APAlyzer* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
