apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: topgo-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("topGO", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/topGO /mnt/libs/R/topGO && cp topGO* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: restfulse-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("restfulSE", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/restfulSE /mnt/libs/R/restfulSE && cp restfulSE* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: omicade4-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("omicade4", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/omicade4 /mnt/libs/R/omicade4 && cp omicade4* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: oligo-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("oligo", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/oligo /mnt/libs/R/oligo && cp oligo* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: gage-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("gage", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/gage /mnt/libs/R/gage && cp gage* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: crlmm-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("crlmm", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/crlmm /mnt/libs/R/crlmm && cp crlmm* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: annaffy-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("annaffy", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/annaffy /mnt/libs/R/annaffy && cp annaffy* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: wgcna-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("WGCNA", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/WGCNA /mnt/libs/R/WGCNA && cp WGCNA* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: gosemsim-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("GOSemSim", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/GOSemSim /mnt/libs/R/GOSemSim && cp GOSemSim* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: adam-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ADAM", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ADAM /mnt/libs/R/ADAM && cp ADAM* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: scclassify-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("scClassify", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/scClassify /mnt/libs/R/scClassify && cp scClassify* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: omicsprint-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("omicsPrint", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/omicsPrint /mnt/libs/R/omicsPrint && cp omicsPrint* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: mbpcr-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("mBPCR", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/mBPCR /mnt/libs/R/mBPCR && cp mBPCR* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: iseeu-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("iSEEu", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/iSEEu /mnt/libs/R/iSEEu && cp iSEEu* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: gotools-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("goTools", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/goTools /mnt/libs/R/goTools && cp goTools* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: goprofiles-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("goProfiles", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/goProfiles /mnt/libs/R/goProfiles && cp goProfiles* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: deco-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("deco", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/deco /mnt/libs/R/deco && cp deco* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: adsplit-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("adSplit", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/adSplit /mnt/libs/R/adSplit && cp adSplit* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: semdist-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("SemDist", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/SemDist /mnt/libs/R/SemDist && cp SemDist* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: rocpai-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("ROCpAI", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/ROCpAI /mnt/libs/R/ROCpAI && cp ROCpAI* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: matrixqcvis-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("MatrixQCvis", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/MatrixQCvis /mnt/libs/R/MatrixQCvis && cp MatrixQCvis* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: enhancedvolcano-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("EnhancedVolcano", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/EnhancedVolcano /mnt/libs/R/EnhancedVolcano && cp EnhancedVolcano* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: cnvranger-build
  namespace: newbuild
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
            - matchExpressions:
              - key: "kubernetes.io/hostname"
                operator: "In"
                values: ["am-scalable-k8s-162919","am-scalable-k8s-275c1a","am-scalable-k8s-5872ef","am-scalable-k8s-6509e4","am-scalable-k8s-6effa4","am-scalable-k8s-a34d6c","am-scalable-k8s-ed8ef3"]
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 1000
      volumes:
        - name: libraries
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: rstudio-r-libraries-pvc
      containers:
      - name: build
        image: bioconductor/bioconductor_docker:RELEASE_3_14
        command:
          - /bin/bash
          - -c
        args:
          - cd /home/rstudio && Rscript -e 'p <- .libPaths(); p <- c(p[2], p[-2]); .libPaths(p); if(BiocManager::install("CNVRanger", INSTALL_opts = "--build", update = FALSE, quiet = TRUE, force = TRUE, keep_outputs = TRUE) %in% rownames(installed.packages())) q(status = 0) else q(status = 1)' && cp -r /usr/local/lib/R/site-library/CNVRanger /mnt/libs/R/CNVRanger && cp CNVRanger* /mnt/libs/R/
        env:
          - name: R_LIBS_USER
            value: "/mnt/libs/R"
        volumeMounts:
          - name: libraries
            mountPath: "/mnt/libs/R"
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: 500Mi
            cpu: 250m
          limits:
            memory: 2Gi
            cpu: 1700m
      restartPolicy: OnFailure
  backoffLimit: 4
---
